So with all that security in place for our shopping cart, when we hit the add to cart button, finally
we can add items to our shopping cart table.
So let's work with the areas inside customer area.
We have controllers, home controller.
We have the details.
Get action method here.
We will have to implement the proposed action method for detail so that can copy and paste that one
more time here.
And this will be HGTV post.
When we use it, should it be pushed?
We should use to validate and forgery token, and then we do not want anyone to be able to access this
detailed speech.
We can only add items to a shopping cart.
If the user is locked, then because we need the application user ID in our table.
So we want some way to enforce that.
You must be locked in only then you can access this post action method.
Dot net cord makes this very simple.
We have to authorize attribute inside Microsoft that ASP.NET Core Dot authorization, if you acted on
any action method, only authorized users are able to access the post action method now.
And here we are saying we just want users to be authorized.
We don't care what role they are in.
As long as they are authorized, then they can access the post action method.
Pretty simple.
So authorization, it's pretty simple.
Got that core that like open up the details for you here.
Go to a few.
We have the form matter of post and we have to submit button, which is act or card.
So when this button is posted, what are the few details that we need?
We just need that count, since that's an ASP for it will automatically be posted.
Next, what we need is the application user and the product ID.
We do not have product ID on the page here, so we have to add that in the hidden attribute inside the
phone tag where we have set input hayden and ASP for where the product started.
Also, if you notice here inside the model here, we directly have a product ID, you can use that as
well.
But inside the home controller, we are not populating that in the shopping cart object, so we can
do that product ID is equal to it.
Then the Product ID and Product ID both will be populated since we have product data in the hidden property.
Make sure to use that in the post action method right here.
We will be receiving the shopping cart object.
We can call that shopping cart.
So inside the shopping cart, we will have the product I.D. as well as the count of the product that
users want.
But we do not have the user ID of the logged in user requiring that a simple internet call.
We will have to work with the team's identity, which is inside the default user implementation.
Let me show you how to do that.
We will have the default claims identity is equal to.
We have a user object that is always available by default with the controller.
So on user, we have user identity before we work on this user card identity.
Let me add a debugging point here.
And when the application, I want to show you what the default user object looks like.
We have an error here.
Let me open the error list here, and we can just comment this out.
We do not need that.
Let's run that application one more time.
Let me log in here as any user and click the add to cart button.
Let's examine the user object.
It was noticed we have the identity inside there and there you see something called claims.
You can see we have multiple claims that are associated with the user.
One of the claim is the role of the user, which is company.
We also have name and email address, and both of them are the email address itself.
But the one that we care about is the name identifier, which is the user ID..
So from a user identity, we need to find out a claim with the name of name identifier.
So let me stop the application and let me remove the debugging point here.
Then when we are getting the user identity, we can take cash to claims identity, but we'll have to
press control, dark to act the using statement.
We can extract the claim that we want from these claims identity.
So we'll take claims, identity dot, find first and here we can pass the content that is inside claim
types.
We have the name identifier.
You can see the name identifier is a constant with the default schemas for identity claims name identifier,
and that is exactly what we had for our user ID. So now if we access the shopping cart dark, we have
the application.
User ID User I.D. will be inside claimed dark value.
If claim is null, that means that the user is not locked in.
But we do not worry about that here because we have authorized keywords on the top.
So that way, we will extract the user I.D. from the claims identity.
Once we extract that, our shopping cart will already have the count and the product very populated
because of that, we can directly add that to our database using cannot afford to start shopping cart
parked ahead.
Let's have the shopping cart.
Once we have that, do not forget to call the save method.
Finally, we want to redirect to the home page.
So right here we have returned whether it's a redirect to action.
We want to redirect to the index action, which is inside the same controller right here that will take
us to the home page if this action method was inside some of that controller inside the next parameter.
You can write the controller name like, let's say, a card controller, if that was the case.
This is home controller so we can just leave it blank and it will automatically redirect us to the index
action.
No, I am not a fan of Magic Strings.
Thankfully, there is a helper method which is name off.
And here it automatically finds the action method in this context.
And you can see we have the index action method.
So we have done quite a few things to add first item to our shopping cart.
Let me add a debating point and run the application.
Our future is locked in.
Let's go to details.
Modify the count to three and let's hit add to cart.
Let me press F10 here and examine the shopping cart object right here.
We have to count and product I.D. with the application user I.D. But the ID is also populated, and
that should never happen because we are creating a shopping cart.
So the ID should be zero.
Somehow, it is getting the same I.D. as product I.D. So that may stop the application.
Let's not add that.
And let's see why that is the case.
I believe the reason is because right here we have the integrity.
So it is binding automatically to the model.
So what we can do is we can call this the product I.D..
Once we do that, let me make it product tidy here, and we'll modify here as well.
Perfect.
Next, what we need to do is copy this name.
Go to the index view.
And there we are, passing the ESB route.
The name will be product I.D. Let's run the application and check that out.
Let's go to details at the count of five, maybe.
And we hit the add button, but we did not hit our great point.
Let's see the tables or shopping carts here.
And perfect, it created a count of five productivity.
The idea is one, let me go back here, did we remove our breakpoint?
Yes, we did.
I was under the impression that we still have a great point here.
So I was waiting for that breakpoint to be hit, but that's OK if we examine our database here, all
the records are correct now.
The I.D. is also correct.
It should be one because this is the first record in our database.
So if we go back, let's not act the same product.
Let's add a different product this time.
Make it a count of two.
And let me add a debugging point again, just to be sure.
Let's examine our shopping cart here.
Great.
You can see the ID is zero.
We do not have application user that will be populated now when we are adding item.
All the three figures are correct.
Let's continue.
And that may remove the debugging point.
Examine the database that looks good.
With that, let's continue in the next video.